{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Candara;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green77\blue187;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\cf1\lang9\f0\fs32 [About This]\cf2\fs36\par
\b\f1\fs22 Elementary 1.6 beta\b0\par
Simple, clean Rainmeter skins.  Currently included:\par
- Analog - a simple analog clock\par
- Chronophage - ornamental time-tracking skin\par
- Date - Original and "European" variants\par
- NowPlaying - media player info via the NowPlaying plugin\par
- Time - Original and AM/PM variants\par
- Weather - current conditions and three-day forecast from Yahoo!\par
- System - Linear and stacked variants\par
\i If you have never used Rainmeter before, do yourself a favor and run through the Getting Started section of the Rainmeter official documentation - you'll be happier in the long run!\i0\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual/getting-started"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual/getting-started}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
\cf1\f0\fs32 [License Information]\cf2\fs36\par
\f1\fs22 This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-Alike 4.0\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/}}}\f1\fs22\par
In short: feel free to modify and redistribute these skins, on the condition that you link back to me, don't make any money off of it, and use this same license.\par
\par
\cf1\f0\fs32 [How to Customize These Skins - Settings.txt]\cf2\f1\fs22\par
     Elementary's settings/user preferences are in the file "\b\i ...\\Skins\\Elementary\\@Resources\\Settings.txt\b0\i0 "; open this file in any text editor to change your preferences.  You can also right click an Elementary skin, and in the context menu select "Elementary > Settings.ini" to quickly open the file in Windows Notepad.\par
     The settings are given in Key=Value pairs; to change a setting, modify the portion after the "=" sign, save the file, and refresh any open Elementary skins.\par
\b\f2 font\b0 ,\b  font2\b0\f1  - the primary and secondary fonts used by the skins.  You can use any installed font, just know that the positions of the skin elements are optimized for the two default fonts.  Changing fonts \i will\i0  throw off positioning and you will have to edit the skin .inis to alter that.\par
\b\f2 color\b0\f1  - the color of the skins, given in Decimal or Hexadecimal format.  The default is 255,255,255,180; for a dark skins, try 0,0,0,200 and play around with it from there.  (See the "Helpful Links and Tools" section for a link to more information on color codes in Rainmeter.)\par
\b\f2 style\b0\f1  - sets the attributes of the text in the skins.  Valid values are "NORMAL," BOLD," "ITALIC," and "BOLDITALIC."\par
\b\f2 scalar\b0\f1  - modifies the size of the anolog clock.  Use a larger number to increase the size, or a smaller number to decrease it.  I would recommend staying between 1.5 and 5.0.\par
\b\f2 woeid\f1  - \b0 the Yahoo! WOEID location code for the Weather skin.  You can find your WOEID here:\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://woeid.rosselliot.co.nz/lookup/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://woeid.rosselliot.co.nz/lookup/}}}\f1\fs22\par
\b\f2 unit\b0\f1  - sets the units used in the Weather skin.  Valid values are \b f\b0  (English) or \b c\b0  (Metric).\par
\b\f2 language\b0\f1  - the two letter ISO 639-1 code for your preferred language.  Languages currently included are: \par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 English (\b en\b0 , the default) \par
\pard\sl276\slmult1 See the next section ("Creating your own Translation file") for instructions on translating the skins to whatever language you would like.\par
\b\f2 drive\b0\f1  - the hard drive you wish to monitor with the system skin.\par
\b\f2 hour\b0\f1  - is the format code for the Hour in the time skins.  For 12 hour format, use "\b %#I\b0 "; for 24 hour format, use "\b %#H\b0 ".  To add leading zeros, remove the "#" sign (i.e., %I instead of %#I will give you "08" instead of "8").\par
\b\f2 player\b0\f1  - Music player for the NowPlaying skin.  List of supported options is in the documentation for the NowPlaying plugin: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual/plugins/nowplaying#playerlist"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual/plugins/nowplaying#playerlist}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
\cf1\f0\fs32 [Creating Your Own Translation File - template.txt]\cf2\par
\f1\fs22 To make your own custom translation file to use with Elementary, look in "\b\i ...\\Skins\\Elementary\\@Resources\\Languages\\\b0\i0 "\b\i  \b0\i0 for the file "\i template.txt\i0 ".  This file lists all "keys" for the skins with no "values" (translations).\par
To make a new translation file: \par
\pard{\pntext\f1 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Make a copy of the template file, naming the new copy something appropriate for your language.  (I suggest the ISO 639-1 code, because it is simple, universal, and will fit with the "official" translations.)  \par
{\pntext\f1 2.\tab}Open your new copy and fill in all the values after the '=' signs with the appropriate word or phrase in your language.  Save your changes.\par
{\pntext\f1 3.\tab}In Settings.txt, set "language" to whatever you named your new translation file (without the .txt extension).  Save Settings.txt and refresh any open Elementary skins.  The skins should now use your new translations.\par
\pard\sl276\slmult1 You can check the translation files already included in the "...\\@Resources\\Languages\\" folder for examples.\par
\b\i Some notes:\b0\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 The default fonts might not support the special characters in some languages.  In such cases you will need to change the font to one that includes the correct characters.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Translation files with special characters should be encoded with Unicode.  You can read more specifics here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.rainmeter.net/tips/unicode-in-rainmeter"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://docs.rainmeter.net/tips/unicode-in-rainmeter}}}\f1\fs22  (see the section "Using Unicode in Rainmeter" for how to save the file in a particular text editor).\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}If a word in your language is much longer than that word/phrase in English, then there may be some problems with text being cut-off in some of the skins.  This should be easily solved with a minor positioning tweak in that skin's .ini file, but consider using shorter synonyms if possible to make it easier to redistribute your translation.\par
\pard\sl276\slmult1\b\i If you would like to have your translation added to the official Elementary distribution:\b0\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1 Email me (see the "Contact the Author" section below).  Just attach your new translation's .txt file, and be sure to indicate how you would like to be credited (real name or username, the URL for your web site or DeviantArt page, that sort of thing).\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Send a Pull Request on GitHub.  Feel free to fork the Elementary repository on GitHub, add your translation file, and send a pull request so I can merge your translation into the main repo.  \i This is the preferred method \i0 as it makes it much easier for me to keep track of the files and who did what (that's why they call it Version Control!)\par
\pard\sl276\slmult1\par
\cf1\f0\fs32 [Helpful Links & Tools]\cf2\par
\f1\fs22 Here are some links to helpful resources if you are new to settings like those described above:\par
\b Rainmeter Documentation on Fonts:\b0\par
\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.rainmeter.net/tips/fonts-guide"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://docs.rainmeter.net/tips/fonts-guide}}}\cf2\f1\fs22\par
\b Rainmeter Documentation on Colors:\b0\par
\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual/options#Color"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://docs.rainmeter.net/manual/options#Color}}}\cf2\f1\fs22\par
\b WOEID Lookup Web app:\b0\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://woeid.rosselliot.co.nz/lookup/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://woeid.rosselliot.co.nz/lookup/}}}\f1\fs22\par
\b Online URL Encoder/Decoder:\b0\par
\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/dencoder/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/dencoder/}}}\cf2\f1\fs22\par
\b Rainfont Utility by JSMorley:\b0\par
\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://rainmeter.net/forum/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6103"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://rainmeter.net/forum/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6103}}}\cf2\f1\fs22\par
\b List of ISO 639-1 langauge codes:\par
\cf0\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes}}}\cf2\f1\fs22\par
\par
\cf1\f0\fs32 [Contact the Author]\cf2\f1\fs22\par
Feel free to contact me if you have questions or suggestions:\par
My DeviantART page:\par
\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://flyinghyrax.deviantart.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://flyinghyrax.deviantart.com/}}}\cf2\f1\fs22\par
The Rainmeter forums (FlyingHyrax)\par
\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rainmeter.net/forum"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 http://www.rainmeter.net/forum}}}\cf2\f1\fs22\par
Email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:theflyinghyrax@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3 mailto:theflyinghyrax@gmail.com}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
\cf1\f0\fs32 [The Almighty Changelog]\par
\cf0\b\f1\fs22 (Version 1.6 beta)\par
\b0 - Elementary is now on GitHub!\par
- New weather skin using Yahoo! weather (via YQL)\par
- Added NowPlaying skin\par
- Translation and Settings files changed to reflect new Weather and NowPlaying skins\par
- Because the Translation file has changed, available languages reverted to English\par
- Setting for hard drive letter now requires a ':' in the settings file\par
- Many skins renamed to something more sensible.\par
- Required Rainmeter version is now 3.0.2\cf1\f0\fs32\par
\cf2\b\f1\fs22 8/29/12 (Version 1.5.1)\par
\b0 - Fixed the "23th" bug in date skin\b\par
6/26/2012 (Version 1.5.0)\par
- \b0 Fixed typo in link to WeatherUnderground in eWeather_f.ini\b\par
\b0 - Reformatted skin folder for Rainmeter 2.3 structure changes (@Resources)\par
- Skins updated to reflect deprecation of "!Execute" and "!Rainmeter" in bangs\par
- Added "Languages" folder and "language" variable in Settings.txt \par
(files for English, French, German, Dutch, Tamazight, Portuguese, and Spanish; and a template)\par
- New .rmskin format\par
\b 9/26/2011 (Version 1.4.3)\b0\par
- Skin .ini files revised to use Meter Styles\par
- Weather translations are now case \i in\i0 sensitive\par
- Clicking "via Weather.com" now links you to the location which you set in Settings.txt, not a link parsed from the current conditions feed.\f0\fs32\par
\b\f1\fs22 9/17/2011 (Version 1.4.2)\b0\par
- Tweaked weather substitution strings ("chance of a" before "chance of")\par
- Advanced day of week number in Chronophage skin by 1 (Sunday is now day 1, not day 0)\par
- Added language subs for Wind direction\par
- Fixed current condtions tooltip in eWeather_c.ini to display wind speed it Kilometers/hour\par
- In Readme.ini dummy skin, changed !DeacitvateConfig to !RainmeterDeactivateConfig so it will work with Rainmeter versions below 2.1\par
- Updated skin metadata to comply with Rainmeter 2.1 changes\par
- All .ini files are now DOS/Windows ANSI character encoded\f0\fs36\par
\b\f1\fs22 8/11/2011 (Version 1.4.1)\par
\b0 - Changes weather XML source to Weather Underground\par
- Split Variables and Translations into two separate files\par
- Added weather skin language subs\par
- Added hour format variable\par
- Variables.inc is now Settings.txt!\b\par
7/22/2011 (Version 1.4)\par
\b0 - Change weather xml source to Google\par
- Updated Variables.inc (removed annotations, added "Currently" and "scalar" variables, added variables for Google weather skins)\par
- Corrected an error in the main Date skin\par
- Removed \i old\i0  version of Date skin, and added new Date variant with the date before the month\par
- Century Gothic font file is no longer included in Elementary's .rmskin package, for legal reasons\par
\b 4/18/2011 (Version 1.3)\par
\b0 - Changed the alignment of the first string in the time and date skins - the hour and weekday are now aligned right instead of left\par
- Added an AM/PM variant of the time/clock skin\par
- In the weather skin, changed the forecast font from Futurist FW to Century Gothic (more compact and readable)\par
\b 3/16/2011 (Version 1.2)\par
\b0 - Tidied up code considerably\par
- re-sized Date skin text based on Phi/golden ratio, like the time skin was already\par
- Added a weather skin!  Click the word "currently" to switch views and show a three-day forecast\par
- Altered system skins slightly\par
- Added a section of language substitutions to the Variables.inc file. You should now be able to set the days of week and months to the equivalent words in your language without adding anything to any .ini files.\par
- Added analog clock\par
\b 1/3/2011 (Version 1.1)\par
\b0 - System monitor skins are no longer spaced relatively\par
- Made DynamicWindowSize true for the clock skin, which ought to stop the seconds from disappearing\par
- Added an Elementary theme that can be launched on installation\par
}
 